>> Jen Kramer: Hopefully you made some
good progress putting together this form
and tying it into the layout that
we've been working on so far, okay?
Yeah, yeah.
People in the room say yeah sure.
So let's go ahead and, you got it?
Okay, so let's go ahead and
go through what I had for an answer.
Because I left this very open-ended of
course your answers may be different.
If you get the result in the end
that is what is important.
And of course I'd like to see you tie it
in to all the work we did with layout
earlier in the day.
So let's go on ahead and
go through these answers.
I'm gonna start here with the HTML and
this is form.html,
it's in your end folder.
And I'm gonna start here
around line number 55.
So we've got form,
we've got our field set, and
then I've put in a div
with a class of flex.
And I wrapped that all the way around
the three blanks that I have asked for
here, these three fields with
their labels that go with them.
And I've called them either item1, or
I called them item2, assign those classes.
Those may not be the best names in
the world, but it was pretty clear.
There's one item and
then there's a second one.
And then of course the div of the class of
flex is gonna wind up being my flex parent
or my flex container.
And all of these other things
are flex items, the children.
Okay, so that's how I'm gonna
wind up getting that to work.
And then down here,
in my HTML later on I've got,
again around the series of radio buttons,
I've got my dev with the class flex.
My question, what resource is it?
Labeled as item1 and then around
item2 are all of my radio buttons.
Okay, so there's that.
Then once again div of the class of flex,
item1 on the label,
item2 on the select drop down.
And then finally, the div of the class
of flex here around 98 going
around the other details or the comments.
And then that's just labeled as item1 for
the label, item2 for the text area.
So that's pretty much the pattern
that I followed there.
Then when you go ahead and
you take a look at your CSS,
I'm actually gonna look
at layout.css once again.
And here what I've done is I've
added an addition to name,
I've added my class of flex.
There it is, okay?
It's basically gonna be the same thing.
One thing that is gonna happen though is
that things are not gonna be quite square.
You might have noticed.
At least I ran into this problem putting
these elements next to each other.
Item1 and item2.
So in order to get things to work,
I have also added here
the aligned items of baseline.
And that will get these to line up much
more nicely than they were before.
And then basically, item1 and
item2 become part of the code that
we wrote before down here, okay?
So we're all set to pass
in our various widths and
if we wanted to change the gap and
all the rest of that kinda stuff.
So that is pretty straightforward.
And it gets down here in my media queries.
All I've done here in the very first
media query, down here at the bottom,
I have item1 and item2.
I gave them the widths of 3 and 8.
And I think that's probably it.
I think it pretty stayed the same
all the other media queries.
I didn't change it after that, because
they were already next to each other,
it kinda worked with
the layout the way it was.
So that is what I came up with for
my answer.
Again, yours might vary a little bit.
But again we can just leverage this
code that we already wrote and
now we've applied it to a form as well.
Isn't that nice?
So we applied it basically to laying
out all kinds of different pages with
different forms of layouts.
We've applied it to layouts within
layouts, that developer section, right?
And now we've applied
it to a form as well.
So pretty sweet.